Add base thing to remember to the Websites, Stores, and Views page (#1684)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/websites-stores-views.md

{:.bs-callout-info}
To learn more, see [Multiple websites or stores ]({{ site.devdocs_url }}/guides/v{{ site.version }}/config-guide/multi-site/ms_over.html) in the Commerce developer documentation.

> ## Things to remember
> 
> 1. Magento site installation has a cascading model: global → website → store → store view.
> 
> 1. Every Magento website has at least one default store and store view.
> 
> 1. You can set a different base URL for each store view.
> 
> 1. The main purpose of the website is to configure the features.
> 
> 1. The main purpose of the store is to configure the root category.
> 
> 1. The main purpose of the store view is to set translation information and currency symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with websites, stores, and store views, keep the following in mind:

- Commerce instances have a cascading model: global → website → store → store view.
- Every website has at least one default store and store view.
- Each store view can have a different base URL.
- The primary function of a website is top-level feature configuration.
- The primary function of a store is root category configuration.
- The primary function of a store view is translation information and currency symbol configuration.
```
